Muhammad Saliha, Acting Director of Al-
Awda Hospital in northern Gaza. In the name of God, we trust in Al-
Awda Hospital in the northern Gaza Strip has stopped
providing its services due to the severe shortage of
medical supplies, medicines and
medical consumables, in addition to the lack of diesel.
There is no liter of diesel to operate the
electric generators for the hospital.  The small ones are stopped
now. We were working on the large generators, and since
the middle of the aggression, the large generators have not stopped,
and now even the small generators have stopped
working. There is no liter of fuel inside the
tanks of the fuel tanks. We will now move to the operations department. The
operations department has been
completely stopped. It consists of two operating rooms.  Now
this operating room has stopped, and with a previous
targeting, and with a previous targeting, the two
operating rooms in the building, in the second building, were destroyed,
in addition to the destruction of the two sections of accommodation for the
wounded
and the sick. The operating room stopped providing
services. 46 scheduled operations were postponed.
Caesarean section surgery for women will be stopped, and this is a very dangerous thing.  It
threatens the lives of many women who
need to undergo surgeries, even in addition
to the fact that we are able to refer these
women to undergo surgeries in
government hospitals, but we cannot
refer them now because government hospitals have been
closed since yesterday and
services will not be provided. Obstetrics and gynecology services for women
now.  Two operating rooms have been completely stopped due to
lack of fuel, in addition to two operating rooms that
were previously stopped due to the Israeli bombing of the
second building of the hospital.
Orthopedic and general surgery operations are performed in addition to
caesarean section surgeries. Recently,
plastic surgeries that need some
surgeries that need interventions, i.e.
tertiary care, have been included.  We perform plastic surgeries on them so that
limbs are not amputated due to the wound. There is no alternative
in the northern Gaza Strip or in Gaza, as the
alternatives are related to the work of
government hospitals affiliated with the Ministry of Health, but we are the
only hospital in the northern Gaza Strip that specializes in
performing orthopedic surgeries, even if we do not
do this.  Surgeries will threaten the lives of 46
patients with
bruxism